cori/resizing/README.md, before:

# Static vs. Elastic scaling experiment

This folder contains two experiments aimed to run on the Cori supercomputer.
Each experiment will try to resize a staging area from 1 node all the way up
to 127 nodes, one node at a time. The first experiment, _static_, will do
so by deploying a staging area on N node, wait 30 seconds, then kill the
staging area before redeploying it on N+1 nodes. The second experiment,
_elastic_, will scale the staging area by adding processes one at a time
without shutting down the processes that are already running.

## Installing

To install all the required software for this experiment,
run the following command.

```
./install.sh
```

This command will install Spack, the Mochi packages, then
create an environment in Spack and install Colza and its
dependencies in it.

This script will look at `settings.sh` to use specific
commits of Spack and the Mochi packages, so as to reproduce
the experiments with exactly the same software as originally used.

## Running

The _static_ and _elastic_ experiments can be run as follows.

```
$ sbatch static-scaling.sbatch
$ sbatch elastic-scaling.sbatch
```

While this was not evaluated our paper, you can also add processes
X by X (instead of 1 by 1) by calling these scripts as follows.

```
$ sbatch static-scaling.sbatch X
$ sbatch elastic-scaling.sbatch X
```

Both scripts will create a directory called `logs-<jobid>` to
store their output files. They will also finish by calling
their respective Python script (`parse-static.py` and `parse-elastic.py`)
to produce a final CSV file with the results in the current working directory.
The first column of this CSV file corresponds to the size of the staging
area. The second column corresponds to the time required (in seconds) to add
a new process (or multiple process, if specified) to the staging area to
reach that size from the previous deployment.

Note: occasionally the last command of the `elastic` script may
fail to properly shut down the staging area, leaving the script
hanging before the Python script is called. If this happens, you may
kill the job, manually move its output file (`elastic-scaling-<jobid>.out`)
to the `logs-<jobid>` directory (where other output files are stored),
then manually run call `python parse-elastic.py logs-<jobid>/*.out`
to produce the CSV data on your standard output.

Commit message:

completed README and renamed scaling into resizing

cori/resizing/README.md, after:

# Static vs. Elastic resizing experiment

This folder contains two experiments aimed to run on the Cori supercomputer.
Each experiment will try to resize a staging area from 1 node all the way up
to 127 nodes, one node at a time. The first experiment, _static_, will do
so by deploying a staging area on N node, wait 30 seconds, then kill the
staging area before redeploying it on N+1 nodes. The second experiment,
_elastic_, will scale the staging area by adding processes one at a time
without shutting down the processes that are already running.

## Installing

To install all the required software for this experiment,
run the following command.

```
./install.sh
```

This command will install Spack, the Mochi packages, then
create an environment in Spack and install Colza and its
dependencies in it.

This script will look at `settings.sh` to use specific
commits of Spack and the Mochi packages, so as to reproduce
the experiments with exactly the same software as originally used.

## Running

The _static_ and _elastic_ experiments can be run as follows.

```
$ sbatch static-resizing.sbatch
$ sbatch elastic-resizing.sbatch
```

While this was not evaluated our paper, you can also add processes
X by X (instead of 1 by 1) by calling these scripts as follows.

```
$ sbatch static-resizing.sbatch X
$ sbatch elastic-resizing.sbatch X
```

Both scripts will create a directory called `logs-<jobid>` to
store their output files. They will also finish by calling
their respective Python script (`parse-static.py` and `parse-elastic.py`)
to produce a final CSV file with the results in the current working directory.
The first column of this CSV file corresponds to the size of the staging
area. The second column corresponds to the time required (in seconds) to add
a new process (or multiple process, if specified) to the staging area to
reach that size from the previous deployment.

Note: occasionally the last command of the `elastic` script may
fail to properly shut down the staging area, leaving the script
hanging before the Python script is called. If this happens, you may
kill the job, manually move its output file (`elastic-resizing-<jobid>.out`)
to the `logs-<jobid>` directory (where other output files are stored),
then manually run call `python parse-elastic.py logs-<jobid>/*.out`
to produce the CSV data on your standard output.

## Files

This folder contains the following files.
- `settings.sh`: contains environment variables to control
  where and how the software is installed;
- `spack.yaml`: contains a description of the Spack environment
  to setup and install;
- `install.sh`: install the software required to run the experiment;
- `elastic-resizing.sbatch`: job script to submit to the SLURM job scheduler
  to run the elastic experiment;
- `static-resizing.sbatch`: job script to submit to the SLURM job scheduler
  to run the static experiment;
- `parse-elastic.py`: python script that processes the log files and
  produces the final CSV file (called automatically at the end of
  the job);
- `parse-static.py`: python script that processes the log files and
  produces the final CSV file (called automatically at the end of
  the job);
- `find-drc-credential.py`: python script used as part of the static
  experiment to find the DRC credential information from the first
  staging area to reuse it in subsequent deployments;
- `pipeline.json`: dummy configuration file for the staging area.
